Link full code example for LightningLite (#12568)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/starter/lightning_lite.rst

    run(args)

> Checkout MNIST training example with :class:`~pytorch_lightning.lite.LightningLite`  `here <https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/blob/master/pl_examples/basic_examples/mnist_examples/image_classifier_2_lite.py>`_
> 

Reviewer: This is out of place here. I don't think we should point to a full Lite example if we are about to show how to convert in the next section. Can this be moved down to the end of the "Converting to LightningLite" section?

```suggestion
Check out this MNIST training example with :class:`~pytorch_lightning.lite.LightningLite`  `here <https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/blob/master/pl_examples/basic_examples/mnist_examples/image_classifier_2_lite.py>`_

```

Author: thanks for the suggestion @awaelchli! I have Updated the PR.
